Update labproject.md (#32)
G-Node/tonic: docs/labproject.md

### Docker

> > *NOTE:* Please refer to Docker documentation to install Docker and learn how to use it, the commands that follows can be paste in a bash/shell script window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> *NOTE:* Please refer to Docker documentation to install Docker and learn how to use it, the commands that follows can be pasted in a bash/shell window.
```

```
touch /path/to/labproject.db
```

> > *NOTE:* /path/to/ is supposed to be modified, it will be a relative path from the folder your terminal/bash is open in. You will have to modify it to the same path in the following commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> *NOTE:* `/path/to/` should be modified.
It should be the relative path from your current terminal's working directory or an absolute path.
You will have to modify it to the same path in the following commands.
```

  - Configure each **submodule** with a new remote pointing to the newly created submodule repositories on the server.
- Push the **repository contents** to the server.
  - Push each **submodule's contents** to the server.

> - Create a **team** with the _Team name_ provided by the user (or _Project name_ if unspecified), the team gets admin rights over its repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a **team** with the _Team name_ provided by the user (or _Project name_ if unspecified).
The team will have admin rights over its repositories.
```

Author: I take it it istrue (admin rights)

Reviewer: Good thing you asked.  I thought it was `admin` but it's actually just `write` permission that they get.

```suggestion
- Create a **team** with the _Team name_ provided by the user (or _Project name_ if unspecified), the team gets write permissions on its repositories.
```

If we change it to `admin` later, we should update the doc accordingly.
